hey guys i'm going to show you what you
something you've been waiting for my
vintage mac collection and i promised as
a while ago and kind of forgot so i'll
take care of it for those of you who
like vintage max if you're wondering why
i'm filming this is my kitchen is
because it's got much better lighting
than upstairs let's start with the g4
cube this here was originally a 500
megahertz g4 cube with 128 megs of ram
and leave a 20 gig hard drive I took
this and had it totally upgraded to a
dual core or dual 1.2 gigahertz
processor with one and a half gigs of
ram and a 120 gig hard drive considering
they can only see up to 128 gigabytes
and it's got a super Drive in here now
too so it took some upgrading but it was
not a big deal the only reason that
keeps things just because it looks so
cool all the glass and everything on it
you have a DC VGA and you know you can
you get the idea you know what this
stuff is the strange thing is there's no
a headphone jack you have to have a USB
thing but I got one of those and this is
actually normally in my studio just for
you know it's just sitting there just a
decoration kind of thing it actually
works and it's hooked up to a 17 inch
studio display you'll see the studio
sooner or later so pops out just like
that there is it as there's the terrible
video card which is it's just you know I
can't go any further that's it it's all
can handle it's a ati radeon got the
airport card in their wireless be slow
is hack 120 gig hard drive is right
there and processors on the other side
just going to pop this back in here
the ibook g3 clamshell over the years I
just I don't know why I can't let just a
thought it looked cool
this one is the original clamshell 300
megahertz and 32 megs of soldered onto
the logic board videogram I actually
upgraded it to 256 megabytes of RAM not
including the 32 soldered and the three
nor megahertz processor still as is but
I have 10.3 on here and it's running and
I put it in a combo drive because the
while aback put in has this little
handle and over here I've got the power
mac g4 this is actually a pc inside here
if you can believe it or not it's a 2.4
gigahertz AMD with the 250 gig hard
drive and two gigs of memory I mean it
does the job just for just for looks
basically that's how it looks there